STSDAS Version 3.18.3 Release Notes

February 2018

aXe Changes
===========
- bigfix for pyfits ascard header update in fcubeobjs

aXe Changes
===========
- Bugfix for pyfits header updates in drizzleobjects
- logic added to dither code to deal with missing header keywords in data file
 

December 2017

aXe Changes
===========

A quickfix for outdated axe files in iraf.


March 2014

This release of STSDAS primarily contains changes to code supporting WFC3 and
STIS.

The final software used by the ST-ECF to calibrate FOS data has been included
strictly as a record of the processing performed to generate the FOS products
available from the HST archive.

The specific changes are detailed in the following sections.


HSTCAL and STSDAS Releases
==========================
The code for CALACS has been removed entirely from STSDAS as it has been
replaced by the HSTCAL version.  Any user loading the acs package under STSDAS
will be directed to the HSTCAL version which now has a Python-based TEAL
interface as well as the standard command-line executable interface.

The STSDAS versions of CALWF3 and CALSTIS have been deprecated and will no
longer be supported. All new development of WFC3 and STIS calibration code will
take place in the HSTCAL versions of the code.


Source Code Distribution Changes
================================
Copyrighted algorithms from the Numerical Recipes books were found to be present
in the STSDAS code base.  As a result, those functions are no longer being
distributed with the STSDAS source code.  They are used to compile the binaries
that get distributed, but we can no longer provide the source code for those
functions.


Platform Support
================
Binaries for this release were built on Red Hat Enterprise Linux 4 and Mac OS X
10.5.  Binaries were built with IRAF 2.14.  Binaries for newer versions of IRAF
or operating systems may be built as needed, and users can check the STSDAS web
pages for more details.

IRAF is available separately from http://iraf.net.

No Solaris Support
------------------
This release has NOT been tested on the Solaris platform.  We no longer build
Solaris binaries for STSDAS, although the source code can always be downloaded
and compiled locally as needed.

64-bit IRAF Support
--------------------
IRAF 2.15 includes support for 64-bit systems. The changes necessary to support
64-bits generally require applications to be modified. We will only release
32-bit binaries of the Tables and STSDAS packages for use with IRAF 2.15.
Support for 32-bit binaries will continue as long as there are sufficient
platforms that such binaries will run on.  We may only convert some packages in
Tables and STSDAS to 64-bit version when the 32-bit versions are no longer
viable and if created will be released as a separate package with a different
name. When the 32-bit versions of TABLES and STSDAS are no longer viable,
support for any tasks within those packages not ported to 64-bits will end.  The
full description of this policy can be found online at:

http://www.stsci.edu/resources/software_hardware/stsdas/iraf64


STECF Software
==============
This release contains the latest version of the stecf IRAF package for
supporting HST data that had been developed by members of the Space Telescope
European Coordinating Facility (ST-ECF) which closed on 31 December 2010.

The packages included in stecf are:

imres - Tasks used for photometric image restoration with unconstrained star
        positions, simulating images with ground-based seeing and making
        apodizing mask images.

impol - A package for imaging linear polarization mapping for data taken using
        the polarimetry modes of HST instruments.  An overview and access to
        demos and help files is available at:
            http://www.eso.org/~jwalsh/softpol/

specres - A package for point source extraction and background decomposition
          of 2-D (longslit) spectra. An oThe wf3rej task was upgraded to read
          and save the BUNIT keyword value from the [sci,1] extension of each
          input image and to then check those values each time input sci data
          arrays are loaded in the various subroutines. If the input data are in
          units of rates (either DN/sec or electrons/sec), the data are
          immediately scaled up by the exposure time of the particular image to
          turn them back into units of counts, which is the expected working
          units within wf3rej.verview is provided at:
          
            http://www.eso.org/~jwalsh/specres/

Support for these packages may be obtained by contacting the STScI Help Desk at
'help@stsci.edu'. These questions will then be forwarded to the package authors
at ESO as required.


SLITLESS
=========
The tasks in aXe Version 2.4.4 have been revised to address the following
issues:

* fcubeprep no longer causes errors saying there was no "SCI" extension when
used with multidrizzle. 

* Updated fcubeprep to catch MEF segment images and make the extension
specification more generic.

* Added support to the astrodrizzle-based code in fcubeprep for option to allow
larger image cutouts (excess pixels around the original input frame) to the
output MEF cube thats created from the drizzled image.

* Added a subroutine to check input images for subarray for axeprep, and return
an error statement.

* The task axeprep no longer stops in the event it finds fewer than 10% of the
image pixels useable for the background computation, instead it skips background
subtraction altogether.

* A new function was added to axe_inputs which checks for the existence of the
direct image column in the input image list created by axeinputs. when found, it
does not do the subarray check.


CTOOLS
======
The splice task in ctools was modified to address the following issues:

* Functions were modified to include a check on the number of elements in the 
input spectrum and rejects points with zero or negative wavelength deltas. 

* A new function was added to trim negative or zero wavelengths from the input
spectrum.


WFC3
=====
The code for CALWF3 found in STSDAS has been frozen with no further development
being done on this version.  It has been replaced, as noted when the package
gets loaded, by the HSTCAL version of CALWF3.  All future bug fixes and code
enhancements will take place with the HSTCAL version of this code. This version
may, or may not, be removed entirely from STSDAS at some point in the future.


STIS
=====
The code for CALSTIS found in STSDAS has been frozen with no further development
being done on this version.  It has been replaced, as noted when the package
gets loaded, by the HSTCAL version of CALSTIS.  All future bug fixes and code
enhancements will take place with the HSTCAL version of this code. This version
may, or may not, be removed entirely from STSDAS at some point in the future.


INSTALLATION
=============
With IRAF 2.15, stsdasbin$ was not being resolved correctly, causing things like
iminfo and listarea to not be found.  So, stsdas/lib/zzsetenv.def was changed to
define stsdasbin as "stsdas$bin/" instead of "stsdas$bin(arch)/" (which works
because there is a symlink from bin --> bin.arch).

WARNING - This will break things if you have executables for multiple
architectures in a single installation of stsdas.  This is considered an
edge-case now, with the low cost of disc space.

