MANIFEST.in
README.md
ah_bootstrap.py
ez_setup.py
setup.cfg
setup.py
astropy_helpers/CHANGES.rst
astropy_helpers/LICENSE.rst
astropy_helpers/README.rst
astropy_helpers/ah_bootstrap.py
astropy_helpers/ez_setup.py
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/__init__.py
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/conftest.py
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/distutils_helpers.py
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/git_helpers.py
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/openmp_helpers.py
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/setup_helpers.py
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/test_helpers.py
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/utils.py
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/version.py
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/version_helpers.py
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers.egg-info/PKG-INFO
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers.egg-info/not-zip-safe
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers.egg-info/top_level.txt
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/commands/__init__.py
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/commands/_dummy.py
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/commands/_test_compat.py
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/commands/build_ext.py
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/commands/build_py.py
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/commands/build_sphinx.py
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/commands/install.py
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/commands/install_lib.py
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/commands/register.py
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/commands/setup_package.py
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/commands/test.py
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/commands/src/compiler.c
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/compat/__init__.py
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/extern/__init__.py
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/extern/setup_package.py
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/extern/automodapi/__init__.py
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/extern/automodapi/autodoc_enhancements.py
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/extern/automodapi/automodapi.py
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/extern/automodapi/automodsumm.py
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/extern/automodapi/smart_resolver.py
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/extern/automodapi/utils.py
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/extern/numpydoc/__init__.py
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/extern/numpydoc/docscrape.py
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/extern/numpydoc/docscrape_sphinx.py
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/extern/numpydoc/numpydoc.py
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/sphinx/__init__.py
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/sphinx/conf.py
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/sphinx/setup_package.py
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/sphinx/ext/__init__.py
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/sphinx/ext/changelog_links.py
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/sphinx/ext/doctest.py
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/sphinx/ext/edit_on_github.py
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/sphinx/ext/tocdepthfix.py
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/sphinx/ext/tests/__init__.py
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/sphinx/local/python2_local_links.inv
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/sphinx/local/python2_local_links.txt
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/sphinx/local/python3_local_links.inv
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/sphinx/local/python3_local_links.txt
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/sphinx/themes/bootstrap-astropy/globaltoc.html
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/sphinx/themes/bootstrap-astropy/layout.html
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/sphinx/themes/bootstrap-astropy/localtoc.html
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/sphinx/themes/bootstrap-astropy/searchbox.html
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/sphinx/themes/bootstrap-astropy/theme.conf
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/sphinx/themes/bootstrap-astropy/static/astropy_linkout.svg
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/sphinx/themes/bootstrap-astropy/static/astropy_linkout_20.png
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/sphinx/themes/bootstrap-astropy/static/astropy_logo.ico
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/sphinx/themes/bootstrap-astropy/static/astropy_logo.svg
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/sphinx/themes/bootstrap-astropy/static/astropy_logo_32.png
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/sphinx/themes/bootstrap-astropy/static/bootstrap-astropy.css
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/sphinx/themes/bootstrap-astropy/static/copybutton.js
astropy_helpers/astropy_helpers/sphinx/themes/bootstrap-astropy/static/sidebar.js
astropy_helpers/licenses/LICENSE_ASTROSCRAPPY.rst
astropy_helpers/licenses/LICENSE_COPYBUTTON.rst
astropy_helpers/licenses/LICENSE_NUMPYDOC.rst
docs/Makefile
docs/api.rst
docs/conf.py
docs/custom_loaders.rst
docs/index.rst
docs/installation.rst
docs/launching.rst
docs/line_labels.rst
docs/make.bat
docs/model_fitting.rst
docs/viewer.rst
docs/_static/demo.png
docs/_static/stsci_logo.png
docs/_static/viewer.png
docs/_templates/autosummary/base.rst
docs/_templates/autosummary/class.rst
docs/_templates/autosummary/module.rst
licenses/LICENSE.rst
licenses/README.rst
specviz/__init__.py
specviz/_astropy_init.py
specviz/app.py
specviz/conftest.py
specviz/version.py
specviz.egg-info/PKG-INFO
specviz.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
specviz.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
specviz.egg-info/entry_points.txt
specviz.egg-info/not-zip-safe
specviz.egg-info/requires.txt
specviz.egg-info/top_level.txt
specviz/analysis/__init__.py
specviz/analysis/filters.py
specviz/analysis/operations.py
specviz/analysis/statistics.py
specviz/analysis/utils.py
specviz/analysis/models/__init__.py
specviz/analysis/models/blackbody.py
specviz/analysis/models/gaussian_absorption.py
specviz/analysis/models/spline.py
specviz/analysis/tests/__init__.py
specviz/analysis/tests/test_statistics.py
specviz/core/__init__.py
specviz/core/annotation.py
specviz/core/data.py
specviz/core/dispatch.py
specviz/core/events.py
specviz/core/linelist.py
specviz/core/plots.py
specviz/core/threads.py
specviz/data/linelists/Atomic-Ionic.list
specviz/data/linelists/Atomic-Ionic.yaml
specviz/data/linelists/CO.list
specviz/data/linelists/CO.yaml
specviz/data/linelists/Common_nebular.list
specviz/data/linelists/Common_nebular.yaml
specviz/data/linelists/Common_stellar.list
specviz/data/linelists/Common_stellar.yaml
specviz/data/linelists/DEV_NOTES.txt
specviz/data/linelists/H-He.list
specviz/data/linelists/H-He.yaml
specviz/data/linelists/H2.list
specviz/data/linelists/H2.yaml
specviz/data/linelists/JWST_line_list_original.txt
specviz/data/linelists/Reader-Corliss.list
specviz/data/linelists/Reader-Corliss.yaml
specviz/data/linelists/SDSS.list
specviz/data/linelists/SDSS.yaml
specviz/data/linelists/illss.list
specviz/data/linelists/illss.yaml
specviz/data/linelists/tests/Common_stellar.list
specviz/data/linelists/tests/Common_stellar.yaml
specviz/data/linelists/tests/README
specviz/data/mask_definitions/jwst.ecsv
specviz/data/mask_definitions/sdss.ecsv
specviz/data/qt/resources/Average Math-48.png
specviz/data/qt/resources/Average Value-48.png
specviz/data/qt/resources/Change Theme-50.png
specviz/data/qt/resources/Color Dropper-48.png
specviz/data/qt/resources/Combo Chart-48.png
specviz/data/qt/resources/Copy-96.png
specviz/data/qt/resources/Delete-48.png
specviz/data/qt/resources/Ellipse Stroked-50.png
specviz/data/qt/resources/Export-48.png
specviz/data/qt/resources/Generic Text-48.png
specviz/data/qt/resources/Globe Earth-48.png
specviz/data/qt/resources/Label-48.png
specviz/data/qt/resources/Line Chart-48.png
specviz/data/qt/resources/Math-48.png
specviz/data/qt/resources/Merge Vertical-48.png
specviz/data/qt/resources/Open Folder-48.png
specviz/data/qt/resources/Open Folder-Wizard-48.png
specviz/data/qt/resources/Open in Browser-50.png
specviz/data/qt/resources/Paste-96.png
specviz/data/qt/resources/Pentagon-50.png
specviz/data/qt/resources/Rectangle Stroked-50.png
specviz/data/qt/resources/Remove Image-50.png
specviz/data/qt/resources/Ruler-48.png
specviz/data/qt/resources/Save-48.png
specviz/data/qt/resources/Settings 3-50.png
specviz/data/qt/resources/Settings-50.png
specviz/data/qt/resources/Split Horizontal-48.png
specviz/data/qt/resources/Stanley Knife-48.png
specviz/data/qt/resources/Template-50.png
specviz/data/qt/resources/Theatre Mask-48.png
specviz/data/qt/resources/Vertical Flag-48.png
specviz/data/qt/resources/Width-48.png
specviz/data/qt/resources/icons8-Attention-528.png
specviz/data/qt/resources/icons8-Expand Arrow-96.png
specviz/data/qt/resources/icons8-Forward-96.png
specviz/data/qt/resources/icons8-New Window-96.png
specviz/data/qt/resources/icons8-Open in Window-96.png
specviz/data/qt/resources/lock.svg
specviz/data/qt/resources/resources.qrc
specviz/data/qt/resources/unlock.svg
specviz/data/qt/resources/application/icon.png
specviz/data/qt/ui/data_list_plugin.ui
specviz/data/qt/ui/dialog_resample_warning.ui
specviz/data/qt/ui/fitted_linemap_dialog.ui
specviz/data/qt/ui/fitted_linemap_prog_dialog.ui
specviz/data/qt/ui/layer_list_plugin.ui
specviz/data/qt/ui/main_window.ui
specviz/data/qt/ui/mask_editor_plugin.ui
specviz/data/qt/ui/model_fitting_plugin.ui
specviz/data/qt/ui/parameter_tie_dialog.ui
specviz/data/qt/ui/plugin.ui
specviz/data/qt/ui/roi_bounds_dialog.ui
specviz/data/qt/ui/statistics_plugin.ui
specviz/data/qt/ui/wizard.ui
specviz/data/yaml_loaders/ascii.yaml
specviz/data/yaml_loaders/generic.yaml
specviz/data/yaml_loaders/keck_deimos.yaml
specviz/data/yaml_loaders/keck_mosfire.yaml
specviz/data/yaml_loaders/kittpeak_mdm.yaml
specviz/interfaces/__init__.py
specviz/interfaces/decorators.py
specviz/interfaces/factories.py
specviz/interfaces/initializers.py
specviz/interfaces/loaders.py
specviz/interfaces/registries.py
specviz/interfaces/model_io/__init__.py
specviz/interfaces/model_io/py_model_io.py
specviz/interfaces/model_io/yaml_model_io.py
specviz/io/__init__.py
specviz/io/yaml_loader.py
specviz/io/loaders/__init__.py
specviz/io/loaders/apogee_loader.py
specviz/io/loaders/ecsv_loader.py
specviz/io/loaders/generic_loader.py
specviz/io/loaders/hstcos_loader.py
specviz/io/loaders/hststis_loader.py
specviz/io/loaders/sdss_loader.py
specviz/plugins/__init__.py
specviz/plugins/data_list_plugin.py
specviz/plugins/layer_list_plugin.py
specviz/plugins/mask_editor_plugin.py
specviz/plugins/model_fitting_plugin.py
specviz/plugins/plot_tools_plugin.py
specviz/plugins/statistics_plugin.py
specviz/plugins/tool_tray_plugin.py
specviz/tests/__init__.py
specviz/tests/coveragerc
specviz/tests/setup_package.py
specviz/third_party/__init__.py
specviz/third_party/glue/__init__.py
specviz/third_party/glue/apply_operation.ui
specviz/third_party/glue/data_viewer.py
specviz/third_party/glue/dialogs.py
specviz/third_party/glue/layer_widget.py
specviz/third_party/glue/layer_widget.ui
specviz/third_party/glue/no_model_error_dialog.ui
specviz/third_party/glue/plugins.py
specviz/third_party/glue/threads.py
specviz/third_party/glue/version.py
specviz/third_party/glue/viewer_options.py
specviz/third_party/glue/viewer_options.ui
specviz/utils/__init__.py
specviz/utils/parse_ecsv.py
specviz/utils/parse_fits.py
specviz/utils/tests/__init__.py
specviz/widgets/__init__.py
specviz/widgets/axes.py
specviz/widgets/dialogs.py
specviz/widgets/line_labels_plotter.py
specviz/widgets/linelists_window.py
specviz/widgets/menus.py
specviz/widgets/plugin.py
specviz/widgets/region_items.py
specviz/widgets/resources.py
specviz/widgets/spoiler.py
specviz/widgets/sub_windows.py
specviz/widgets/toolbars.py
specviz/widgets/utils.py
specviz/widgets/windows.py
specviz/widgets/wizard.py
specviz/widgets/qt_plugins/__init__.py
specviz/widgets/qt_plugins/spoiler_plugin.py